yea rather unboxing for you you have to
bear with me today it's a big box I have
this auntie crimson pro mechanical
keyboard now I love a good mechanical
keyboard so I'm really anxious to get
this open and start using it actually
here's the box here and the first thing
you'll notice about this box is it's
really heavy I mean for our keyboard 8
i'm amazed i mean this thing's got to be
like 10 pounds but on the back here we
have some basic information for you it
has a cherry MX black switches and they
are red LED backlit keys obviously you
can see it comes with a palm rest which
I'll show you in a second but what makes
this special is it comes with its own
carrying case which i think is just
excellent really how many keyboards have
you seen that come with rope carrying
case i don't think i have but let me try
and get this open for you here carefully
this is a double bock the top box is
more of a you know just a thin cardboard
layer and then we have a nice thick box
inside which is more of a presentation
style box or the scentee logo over here
and then we have a little pull tab which
we like so then we find the case and
that's it in this box here now this is a
double zipper case we have to nice
handles on it rubber reinforced handles
9 alone of course obviously now it
unzips all the way around nicely so you
have full access to it in everything
that's in it let's try and see if I can
get everything in here all right on the
top we have a nest pocket next it's a
double mesh pocket there's a little
pocket here to hit little pocket we have
going here no yes some stuff up in here
the little small little bag here let's
check that out a second button then we
have the rest this is your wrist rest at
the scentee logo on a little bit of
powder on there obviously it clicks in
and we have rubber feet on it as well
but let's see what all this extra stuff
is here slide this out of the way real
quick okay so we have a door hanger not
now I'm gaming and then the other side
it says it's safe you know it's safe to
come in your room we have our poster
here that's just pretty big you're not
going to fit in the frame here but it
says take your game to the extreme Santi
Santi logo that's the neat little poster
right we have a black folder with our
documentation in it here opens up light
so see if I get everything out here yep
everything's out okay we have the
Crimson pro multi-language user guide
pretty thick guide there we have driver
software disk we have a senti VIP card
which is Cindy calm / VIP senti we have
a couple little nice little stickers are
sticker barb you want to we have a
warranty and then we have a nice product
catalog to see what else sent the offers
in our little bag here we have these are
key caps key caps and a key puller it's
only four key caps you put them over
your WASD for gaming so you know which
one's kind of a nice idea i guess but
then there's a keyhole or two which
always comes in handy i like them for a
cleaning my keyboard pull the keys off
here is the keyboard make some room here
all right we have boot big cable all
wrapped up here stick a nice thick stiff
braided cable
which ends over in we have two audio
jacks one from microphone and one for
you know regular audio and then we have
a gold plated USB connector on the end
here is the keyboard let's start over
here we have led identifiers for an
unlocked caps lock and a G which is for
the gaming mode we have a standard
keypad going on over here which these
are also a double duty for setting
brightness as you can see their little
brightness up and down then we have our
standard cursor keys you know regular
set then we have special function keys
at the top more function keys over here
these are profile extent function keys
is what they are actually I'm sorry then
we have multimedia keys across the top
f1 through f6 we have escaped here is
the keyboard this is there MX black so
they are kind of clicky if you like that
stuff partially I do your the scentee
logo over here on the space bar now this
is like I said a red LED backlit I can't
show you right now it's not plugged in
that you'll see in the pictures in the
review show you what it looks like but I
have other keyboard that's red backlit
with the black what's very nice contrast
it looks very nice I think here's the
back here we have our feet it will bring
it up at an angle you have some rubber
feet here ID label of course and then
here we have the clips for that's then I
dropped it oops for the wrist rest they
clip in like so and it does
kind of adjustable a little bit there it
depends on how even your desk is uneven
your desk is so that is it this is the
scentee crimson pro mechanical keyboard
cherry MX black with red LED
backlighting let me start using it and I
will let you know how it is nope one
last thing I forgot sorry up on the top
here above the indicators you will find
two USB ports and then there's the audio
that goes with that works or works in
conjunction with the audio connectors
that I showed you oh yes it's a USB hub
and audio you can plug your headphones
and all that in right there thanks